Docs: update plugins tutorials (#373)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/shared/create-plugin-frontend.md

The Grafana [create-plugin tool](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grafana/create-plugin) is a CLI application that simplifies Grafana plugin development, so that you can focus on code. The tool scaffolds a starter plugin, all the required configuration, and a development environment using [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) for you.

> 1. <span>In a new directory, create a plugin from a template using create-plugin. When prompted for the kind of plugin, select {props.pluginType}</span>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new directory, create a plugin from a template using the create-plugin tool. When prompted for the kind of plugin, select `{props.pluginType}`:
```

Reviewer 2: <span> is required for this value to correctly be substituted

   ```
   npx @grafana/create-plugin@latest
   ```

> 1. Change directory to your newly created plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the directory of your newly created plugin:
```

Reviewer 2: (see comment in `create-plugin-backend`)

   ```
   cd <your-plugin>
   ```

1. Install the dependencies:

   ```
   npm install
   ```

1. Build the plugin:

   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

1. Start Grafana:

   ```
   npm run server
   ```
  

> 1. <span>Open Grafana, by default <a href="http://localhost:3000/">http://localhost:3000/</a>, and go to <b>Administration</b> -> <b>Plugins</b>. Make sure that your {props.pluginType} plugin is there.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Grafana, by default <a href="http://localhost:3000/">http://localhost:3000/</a>, and then go to <b>Administration</b> > <b>Plugins</b>. Make sure that your {props.pluginType} plugin is there.
```

Reviewer 2: `<span>` is required for the value to be substituted correctly

> You can also verify the Plugin has been discovered by Grafana by checking the logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also verify that Grafana has discovered your plugin by checking the logs:
```
